1117-setup_mocks_with_msw (#1148)
octoclairvoyant/octoclairvoyant-webapp: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Create a feature branch
1. Start the development server with `pnpm start`
1. Make the necessary changes
1. Put chunks of work in a commit (the Husky program will run some checks for modified files)
1. Write/adjust tests to check the functionality of the new code
1. Create pull request
1. Fix code validation problems reported and failed tests from CI

## Mocked API

> The project is set up with a mocked API by using [MSW](https://mswjs.io/). This allows to run Jest tests, Cypress tests and the local environment against a mocked API, without needing a real connection or reaching GitHub API's limit.
> 
> This mocked API can be toggled through the `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_MOCKING` environment variable, which is enabled by default. Use `enabled` to start it alongside the project, or `disabled` to stop it. You can put it in your `.env.local` (restarting the local server if already started).
> 
> The endpoint to search repositories (used in the _Enter repository name_ input in the comparator) only returns a couple of results for "testing library" and "renovate", so it's only possible to search those terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project is set up with a mocked API by using [MSW](https://mswjs.io/).
Now you can run Jest tests, Cypress tests and the local environment against this mocked API, without needing a real connection or reaching GitHub API's limit.

This mocked API can be toggled through the `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_MOCKING` environment variable, which is enabled by default.
Use `enabled` to start it alongside the project, or `disabled` to stop it.
You can put it in your `.env.local` (restarting the local server if already started).

The endpoint to search repositories (used in the _Enter repository name_ input field in the comparator) only returns a couple of results for "testing library" and "renovate", so it's only possible to search those terms.
```

1. Create a feature branch
1. Start the development server with `pnpm start`
1. Make the necessary changes
1. Put chunks of work in a commit (the Husky program will run some checks for modified files)
1. Write/adjust tests to check the functionality of the new code
1. Create pull request
1. Fix code validation problems reported and failed tests from CI

## Mocked API

> The project is set up with a mocked API by using [MSW](https://mswjs.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [MSW](https://mswjs.io/) to mock API calls.
```

Now you can run Jest tests, Cypress tests and the local environment against this mocked API, without needing a real connection or reaching GitHub API's limit.

> This mocked API can be toggled through the `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_MOCKING` environment variable, which is enabled by default.
> Use `enabled` to start it alongside the project, or `disabled` to stop it.
> You can put it in your `.env.local` (restarting the local server if already started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Toggling the mocked API

This mocked API can be toggled through the `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_MOCKING` environment variable, which is enabled by default.
Use `enabled` to start it alongside the project, or `disabled` to stop it.
You can put it in your `.env.local` (restarting the local server if already started).
```

> The endpoint to search repositories (used in the _Enter repository name_ input field in the comparator) only returns a couple of results for "testing library" and "renovate", so it's only possible to search those terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Limitations

The endpoint to search repositories (used in the _Enter repository name_ input field in the comparator) only returns a couple of results for "testing library" and "renovate", so it's only possible to search those terms.
```

Our E2E tests are implemented with Cypress.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

They are ran against a mocked API with MSW.

> There is a weekly smoke test run against the real GitHub API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We run a weekly smoke test on the real GitHub API.
```
